# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml --extra dev -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via unstructured
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
cryptography==45.0.7
    # via unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via neo4j-graphrag
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   unstructured-client
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via nltk
json-repair==0.44.1
    # via neo4j-graphrag
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-neo4j
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via
    #   rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.75
    # via
    #   rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-neo4j
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
langchain-neo4j==0.5.0
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
langchain-ollama==0.3.7
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.3.32
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.4.21
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==6.0.1
    # via unstructured
markdown==3.8.2
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.17.1
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
neo4j==5.28.2
    # via
    #   rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-neo4j
    #   neo4j-graphrag
neo4j-graphrag==1.9.1
    # via langchain-neo4j
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   scipy
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
ollama==0.5.3
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.103.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mypy
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via unstructured
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pypdf==5.9.0
    # via
    #   neo4j-graphrag
    #   unstructured-client
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
pytz==2025.2
    # via neo4j
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   neo4j-graphrag
rapidfuzz==3.14.0
    # via unstructured
regex==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
ruff==0.12.11
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.16.1
    # via neo4j-graphrag
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   neo4j-graphrag
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via
    #   rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-openai
tomli==2.2.1
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   unstructured
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250822
    # via neo4j-graphrag
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   langchain-core
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
unstructured==0.18.14
    # via rss-mcp (pyproject.toml)
unstructured-client==0.42.3
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
